Validate that custom ilm_policies are defined in the package (#413)
elastic/package-spec: test/packages/bad_custom_ilm_policy/docs/README.md

<!-- Use this template language as a starting point, replacing {placeholder text} with details about the integration. -->
<!-- Find more detailed documentation guidelines in https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/docs/documentation_guidelines.md -->

> # This package has a valid custom ILM policy.

Reviewer: Should the title be updated to mention that it has an invalid ILM Policy ? 

```suggestion
# This package has an invalid reference to a custom ILM policy.
```

If so, there are also some references in the following paragraphs
